good morning and welcome to another vlog
slightly unorthodox because I'm not
gonna be at home and I'm gonna be trying
to work on the go and study on the go
look at that window it's not just
gorgeous so today I am going up to
London for a ballet class which is
really cool um but before that my mum's
gonna drop me at the local library you
know near to the station I'm gonna do
some work work on the Train
then got to London for the class then
I'm gonna go down for two meetings
potentially three it's skin that will
depend and then I am going to you maybe
go see my friend Natasha in London and
then come back and do work so this
morning I decided to have some porridge
[Music]
I just took up some banana to have on
the side and I also made myself this
lovely mug of matcha tea whilst the
porridge was cooking I decided to go
upstairs and call the ends of my
ponytail I really love curling my hair
but I never do it it's might have burned
that's pretty good actually
so yes thankfully the porridge was okay
I will dig her quite nervous to the
defense okay I got half an hour to my
train but I was gonna go to the library
until 9:30 but unfortunately the library
doesn't open until 9:30 say instead I
think I'm just gonna use the station and
read
so on the train I decided to do some
editing I was just finishing off my
autumn lookbook here
I had a few last-minute edits to do for
this and it would be going up the
following day so I just finished off
this video on the train and when I was
finished with this I went on to do some
annotations of cat's-eye which I'm
reading at the moment for an essay and
this is also what I did on the jeans
okay here now mono moon and I also
realized I completely forgot to bring
socks for the ballet class and they were
on the way I went to Piccadilly to see
if I could find any but I couldn't which
was very very sad Here I am at the Royal
Albert we went to this lovely private
bar area with this beautiful window
overlooking Hyde Park and they were
given a 40-minute ballet lesson by two
of the performers in the Nutcracker
performance that were at Albert Hall it
was so so fun even though I've got to
say I am not that good at ballet in the
bathrooms I'm ready to go
we've been taken up here to the top and
you can see everything from up here it's
amazing just seeing the majesty of this
building it's all my favorite places in
London as I said the Royal Albert Hall
is just beautiful and we were taken up
to this beautiful area where you can see
just absolutely everything it's gorgeous
[Music]
very dark I should be walking this way
the lighting is a lot better so I I'm
just we've just left the Royal I'll cool
it goes about 20 past 12:00
I could say this is by following my
favorite areas in London just you've got
all of the coolest buildings within five
minutes of each the V&A the Natural
History Museum the British Museum in
here is at the Science Museum the Royal
Albert cool it's honest used amazing the
museum district is on my favorite parts
closet and look at the buildings they
are so so pretty
say I'm walking down but a long tunnel
to South Kensington station when I was
at the Royal Apple and we hadn't gained
now this tunnel was actually built in
the Victorian period when they wanted to
build and train like a train
they want to teach that this tunnel is
going to be a train but they ran out of
funding hope with your building it which
is really interesting I let you deserve
that and I thought you might want to
learn something new teeth so then I
traversed the tube stations and went
down to 16 offices 16th is my management
so they manage YouTube related things
for me and they are amazing honestly I
couldn't even fathom having better
management than 16th why I'm always
working opposite to the direction of
sunlight say I've just got a few
meetings now these are all YouTube
related but since I'm in London it seems
to make sense for me to book all of
these on the same day whilst I'm in
London so I had two meetings before this
one but this is the only one I decided
to film here I am just time not seeing a
meeting that I had over over Google
Hangouts with my YouTube partner manager
basically every once in a while you will
meet with you a YouTube partner manager
and go over your analytics the progress
of your channel and basically put
together a plan of new ideas for content
etc this is very useful and I really
like my YouTube partner managers ok it's
not 3:40 I've just finished my dad um
I've just finished my final meeting and
I had three meetings I met 16th officers
at the moment and I understand this cool
booth thing this is for if you need to
take a cool I am now going to head off
that was that felt very productive I'm
really glad I came down I think I may go
to Oxford Circus to do some shopping
Christmas shopping but a few things I
might want to get for my sister also
look at this I'm going to sent me their
postcards from penguin hundreds book
covers and Moon box and I should collect
postcards I wanted this for ages and
they sent it to me which is amazing I've
literally just I was so excited to open
this up and also there were a lot more
gave me this gorgeous book 150 is the
Royal Albert Hall and it's called these
photographs important events happened at
the hall so as I said after that I
decided to go and do some shopping but
it was actually Black Friday today and
everything was so so busy that I decided
to basically get out of there as soon as
I could because it was not a really fun
atmosphere but I did go and meet my dad
after work and we decided to go to
Marylebone High Street and going to Emma
Bridgewater and a few other shops and it
was a lot quieter here so it was nicer
okay I'm here not at home I ended up
buying another ticket say that I could
go to Natasha she's gonna come here from
the station so in the evening I did go
and see my friend Natasha but I didn't
film any clips of that but I hope that
you enjoyed watching today's video
and I hope that you have a productive
week
[Music]